I believe in Munich a big mistake
Especially in Germany the
Possibility to have a bavaria munich
the customers might go by
times as it happened in the past times
you show some weakness
In the short term , however, must join
Immediately stand with foot and now as
to exploit your own possibilities
if you can maybe the possibility
this dominant the bavaria with
security in the next six seven to
maybe ten years frame
somewhere to balance but otherwise
I see no possibilities with it
interruption
I say yes at least until 2020 but
approached if ever
which always shows a weakness
should then others have to be there
of course, be wide awake but I think so
not so many interruptions
I believe that Bayern Munich so
strong team tomorrow this day that
equal to domination what you have in the moment
experienced in the Bundesliga too
internationally show who sees madrid
I am currently the only team
Europe maybe even world as
at eye level with bavaria munich itself
can move and there is in a cinema
Everything is possible in a final
anyway, there you have to wait but me
believe that the two are working on it
that too, the next step
made for the total dominance
occurs in europe
I would have denied myself exactly like that
behave as if manifest in the
public in the moment
behaves perfect to exactly right
that the situation is adjusted now
borussia dortmund or any
people player from borussia dortmund
to think about these cars
theoretically with certainty
feasible but the thought
repudiated direction europe league
purely mathematically oriented or
but possibly of champions league
to talk
then you would step into this
The direction is the wrong one
and there you would not have the eye for
the danger is lurking but you need it
but a good start yesterday
it 's not that easy
no question leverkusen necessarily wants
the places for the champions league
Defend and there you can sometimes
can only lose for the first time ever
yes maybe you can lose
borussia dortmund does not occur to me
Do not think that's what happens
will not be european next year
play but there you should handle
we can sell but I believe
that borussia dortmund with this
leadership, the league held
in this half are teams
of which one has to say very clearly
Brand by name we would be down there
not out but this team wants to join
stuttgart werder bremen or the sv if
then we take these teams then sees
It clearly states that they are in principle
the level you have during champions
league times built themselves
have tried to continue building
purely financial but that was not
possible and therefore one is somewhere
someday because that rethink
has taken place victims of their own
become successful
the teams are actually good
managed to get the league the environment
However, it reacts to defeats
much more sensitive than that
environment for example of a riser
who, as he said, has no chance
The season has started in Paderborn
you are happy about every bundesliga
played
that's not enough at the moment
said club and I believe or
the fear that's in this
year really at the big really big one
Caught big boss wanted the situation
have seen in all other unite
is it from the already reacts
have the coach on leave whether that
correct action is or can not
I do not judge from the outside though
those now in the initial stages
the now resumed songs like
la you will dismount